Name: Thai Green Curry

Precis: Beautifully fragrant classic Thai Green Chicken Curry

Serves: 4

Preparation time: 30 minutes

Cooking time: 30 minutes

Ingredients:		Ingredients for the curry paste

				4 stalks lemon grass
				6 green chillis
				3 cloves garlic
				2 inches galangal
				2 shallots ( or half onion)
				4 tbsp chopped coriander
				1 tsp cumin
				1 tsp lemon zest
				1 tbsp fish sauce
				0.5 tsp ground black peppercorns

			Ingredients for the curry

				750 grams chicken breast fillets
				3 tbsp groundnut or sunflower oil
				200g chestnut mushrooms
				400 ml tin of coconut milk
				1 chicken stock cube
				8 kaffir lime leaves
				1 tbsp fish sauce
				1 tsp drained green peppercorns
				20 grams basil leaves (Thai if preferred) 
				15 grams coriander leaves and stalks
				100 grams pea aubergines


Method:			Method for curry paste

				( First put coconut milk in freezer to separate.)
				De-seed and finely chop chillis.
				Peel and finely chop garlic, galangal and shallots
				Slice lemon grass finely.
				Put all paste ingredients in food processor and blitz to thick paste.
				Refrigerate under clingfilm if making in advance.

			Method for curry
			
				Chop coriander and basil roughly, divide into two.
				Cut chicken into 0.5 inch strips
				Heat oil in pan until sizzling.
				Fry chicken until slightly coloured on all sides.
				Remove chicken from pan and set aside.
				Quarter mushrooms and fry, add more oil if necessary.
				Add separated coconut cream from refrigerated tin.
				Ajust consistency with light coconut milk beneath if necessary.
				Crumble in chicken stock cube and stir well.
				Add lime leaves, pea aubergines, 4 heaped tbsp curry paste.
				Add fish sauce, peppercorns and half of the chopped herbs.
				Bring to boil, then turn down to simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
				Return chicken to pan with a further tbsp of curry paste.
				Simmer 5 or 6 minutes or until chicken cooked through.
				Stir in remainder of herbs and serve immediately.
				
				

Service: Serve with boiled rice.

Attribution: after Nigel Slater